Proper definition of action how to target username for worker (#4)
tswfi/synapse: docs/workers.md

For `/sync` and `/initialSync` requests it will be more efficient if all
requests from a particular user are routed to a single instance. This can

> be done reverse proxy via extracting username from the users access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be done in reverse proxy by extracting username part from the users access token.
```
